Even if I don't have a Quirk,
can I become a hero?
You can become a hero.
My Quirk is the power to transfer power...
Crowned with the name, "One For All"!
One person cultivates the power
and passes it on to another person,
who also cultivates it and passes it on.
It is the crystallization of power that spins
together the voices of those who need help
with a courageous heart.
And next, it is your turn.
About 80% of the world's population
is born with some kind of special trait,
a Quirk, in this superhuman society.
"Quirk"
To fight against villains using
their Quirks to commit crimes,
"Villains"              "Enemies"
the profession of "hero" was created.
I, Izuku Midoriya, dreamed of becoming a hero
and enrolled in the
prestigious U.A. High School
as I continue to run toward my dream.
With my friends who are
working toward the same goal,
we stand up to any difficulties
and save people with a smile...
...in order to become the greatest heroes!
That's right, this is...
...my hero academia!
It's weak!
That's because my back wasn't in it!
United States of...
...Smash!
The villain has stopped moving!
--Victory for All Might!
--All Might...!
He's standing in victory!
I can't believe this is his last fight...
Don't just stare at that.
Get your files together!
Yes, ma'am!
"Juko News"
Hero name: All Might.
He became partners
with the genius, David Shield,
and came into the limelight
at the world level.
After returning to Japan,
he started his own agency,
and as the immovable
number one hero and Symbol of Peace--
No, no!
No one'll buy our newspaper
with a bland article like that!
We need a scoop the likes of
which have never been seen before!
We're already the last ones to put out
a special issue on All Might's retirement...
"Company A" "Company O" "Company S"
All of All Might's
acquaintances are tight-lipped...
It's your job to do something about that.
What do you have on the
last villain All Might fought?
The police are treating that
as super top-secret information.
All I know is that he's the mastermind
behind the League of Villains--
You can't just wait for stories to fall
into your lap! You have to go after them!
Oh, dear...
The editor-in-chief doesn't
look good when she's mad.
You're so pretty, it's a waste.
"Freelance Journalist
Taneo Tokuda"
Oh, Tane! Long time no see.
Editor-in-Chief...
I've got a good story...
Next, it's your turn.
What do you think these words mean?
I defeated the mastermind. You're next.
In other words,
it's a warning to other villains, right?
Don't you think the way he said
it was too nice for it to be that?
"I'll get you bastards next!"
He could've said something like that.
What are you trying to say?
Four months ago,
when All Might suddenly
became a teacher at U.A. High School,
he was nearing his limit as a hero.
And the message he left was
"Next, it's your turn."
Does that mean...?
That's right.
All Might is looking for someone
in the next generation to take his place
among the students at U.A.
No, looking at his last words,
he's already decided on who that is.
And you already have an
idea of who that is, don't you?
At first, I thought it'd be one of
U.A.'s Big Three, the third year, Togata.
He also regularly visits the agency run
by Sir Nighteye, All Might's former sidekick.
It could totally be him!
However, it appears All Might
and Sir Nighteye have parted ways.
And I haven't had any information
saying the two have contacted each other.
Could it be camouflage?
It's possible, but I'm thinking
along different lines.
I've heard that All Might is putting in
extra work teaching those in Class 1-A at U.A.
Class 1-A...
All Might's successor is among them...?
I believe that's the case.
But U.A. has increased security after being
attacked twice by the League of Villains.
A freelance journalist like me would have
a very hard time getting permission to--
Very well.
We'll do something about it on our end.
However--
Of course, I will only provide
the scoop to your paper.
Please buy it for a lot.
"The Scoop on U.A. Class 1-A"
A newspaper?
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
Yeah. A newspaper wants
to do a feature on you all.
Isn't that amazing, Deku?
Y-Yeah...
Sh-She's so close...!
It's kind of embarrassing.
Why?
The sports festival was
broadcast around the country, right?
Mina, we'll be in the paper!
We've gotta look our best!
Yeah!
You don't have to do
much, though, Hagakure...
Don't get too excited.
The article is supposed to be about
how you students are doing
in the dorms you just moved into.
The principal thought it would be
good for your parents and guardians
to see you all living happily in the dorms,
--so he gave special
permission. That's why...
--Do you think the reporter'll be a woman?
A woman newscaster?
--so he gave special permission. That's why...
A female news announcer?
He said it was for a newspaper.
"Pant..."
"female announcer"
If you think about it, "announcer" sounds like
"bouncer," which sounds like "bouncy boo--"
So you better not do anything like that.
You don't have to be like that, Mr. Aizawa.
I want to report on the U.A. students
in their natural state in the dorms.
Mr. Tokuda, I didn't say
you could come in yet--
I was told I could be here
from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.
It's already time.
Hello, everyone. I'm Tokuda, a reporter.
Thanks for having me here today.
Nice to meet you!
You don't have to do anything special.
Please just show the camera
how you normally live.
I might ask you questions occasionally,
so I'll be counting on you then.
Oh, he's so delightful and handsome!
Not a woman, huh?
What to do?
I'm always sparkling, so I can't help
but be a wonderful subject for pictures.
You're amazing, Aoyama.
I'm sure you've already
heard from the principal,
but please do not interfere
with my reporting.
--I want--
--I understand.
If you need anything, please let me know.
I won't need anything.
Everyone in Class 1-A is a promising candidate
to become a hero in the future, right?
Iida, if there's a problem,
let me know immediately.
Got it?
Yes, sir!
As the class representative for Class 1-A,
I, Tenya Iida, will carry out my duty--
Okay, then, um...
What would you usually be doing now?
Having breakfast!
You don't have to be so nervous.
Just pretend I'm not here...
This reporter is up to something,
but it doesn't smell criminal.
Well, I guess I'll let him do what he wants.
Seat number 1, Yuga Aoyama.
His Quirk lets him shoot
a laser from his stomach.
Number 2, Mina Ashido.
Her Quirk lets her secrete acid
from her body that melts anything.
Number 3, Tsuyu Asui.
Her Quirk gives her
the characteristics of a frog.
Number 4, Tenya Iida.
The second son of the Iida hero family.
His Quirk lets him move very fast.
Number 5, Ochaco Uraraka.
Her Quirk lets her make
anything she touches weightless.
Number 6, Mashirao Ojiro.
His Quirk lets him manipulate his tail freely
and use it like his arms or legs.
"Charging"
Number 7, Denki Kaminari.
His Quirk lets him store electricity
in his body and discharge it.
Number 8, Eijiro Kirishima.
His Quirk lets him harden his whole body.
Number 9, Koji Koda.
His Quirk lets him control living things.
Number 10, Rikido Sato.
His Quirk lets him change the
sugar stored up in his body into power.
Number 11, Mezo Shoji.
His Quirk lets him make things like eyes,
mouths, or ears at the tips of his arms.
Number 12, Kyoka Jiro.
Her Quirk lets her use the plugs
on her ears to hear quiet sounds
and also release explosive sounds.
"Lunch Rush's Eatery"
One large pork cutlet curry,
and five yakisoba breads.
Thanks for waiting.
Number 13, Hanta Sero.
His Quirk lets him shoot
tape from his elbows.
Number 14, Fumikage Tokoyami.
His Quirk lets him manipulate
the monster, Dark Shadow.
Number 15, Shoto Todoroki.
His Quirk lets him emit ice from
his right half and flames from his left half.
Number 16, Toru Hagakure.
Her Quirk makes her invisible.
Die!
Number 17, Katsuki Bakugo.
His Quirk lets him make the sweat
on the palms of his hands explode.
Number 18, Izuku Midoriya.
His Quirk lets him
increase his physical abilities.
Number 19, Minoru Mineta.
His Quirk lets him stick to anything.
Number 20, Momo Yaoyorozu.
Her Quirk lets her create
things with her body.
There are 20 students in Class 1-A.
I got permission for you to go talk to them,
but how are you planning
to discover who the successor is?
I can narrow it down if I think about
who All Might would've considered.
For example, the six students from
Class 1-A in the sports festival finals.
I'll try looking at them first.
I said that,
but I already had someone
in mind from the start.
It was a simple process of elimination.
Katsuki Bakugo's abilities are
on par with those of pro heroes,
but in middle school, he declared
that he would surpass All Might,
so it's hard to imagine him
as All Might's successor.
The runner-up at the sports festival,
Shoto Todoroki, can also be eliminated.
After all, his father is
the number two hero, Endeavor.
It's hard to think he would let
his son be All Might's successor.
Check, with the rook.
The only ones left then are the third place
Fumikage Tokoyami or Tenya Iida,
or Eijiro Kirishima...
No...
My instinct, which has gotten me
many scoops, is telling me...
It's Izuku Midoriya...
Hey.
All Might!
He's the one who will be the next All Might...
the next Symbol of Peace.
"Izuku Midoriya"
"Quirk: One For All"
"Smashes villains with a super power passed down from one generation to the next."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
" Birthday: 7/15"
"Height: 166 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Pork Cutlet Bowl"
"All Might (True Form)"
"Quirk: One For All"
"Smashes villains with a super power passed down from one generation to the next."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Course Teacher"
"Birthday: 6/10"
"Height: 220 cm" "Blood Type: A" "Likes: Yakushima Cedar"
What's up, All Might?
Actually, I was just at the
hospital for a regular check up,
and since I'd been there since morning,
I was a little hungry.
So...
"Our All Might"
All Might...!
You've helped me so much!
As a citizen of this country,
please let me thank you!
You want meat buns, right?
Here, take them all! They're good!
It's raining, so take this umbrella, too!
It'll block the rain!
Wow!
So I brought these to share with the class.
As expected of All Might...
You're so popular.
It's only natural, though.
You're the number one hero.
Protecting the people this whole time,
fighting against evil villains,
you were the Symbol of Peace who
brought courage and smiles to so many...
Next, it's your turn--
No, it's all of your turns.
Right.
I'll train you hard again
starting tomorrow, okay?
Please do!
You're working hard.
Training on your own before dinner, too?
Huh? Um, yes...
Something smells good.
They're meat buns... Would you like one?
Yes, please.
Oh? You're a fan of
All Might's, too, Mr. Tokuda?
Anyone in my generation who said
he wasn't a fan of All Might's is bogus.
He was so cool he was blinding to look at,
and so powerful.
I wonder if you remember the bombing
18 years ago at an industrial complex...
Of course I know about it!
All 24 of the people working there at
the time were saved by All Might, right?
My father was among them, you know.
It was a terrible catastrophe
where even the rescue squads hesitated.
Even so...
It's fine now.
Why?
Because I am here.
Dad!
I turned my camera on it without thinking.
"All Might Saves People from Flames"
"Police Hurry to Find the Cause"
"All Might carrying a victim (reader-submitted photograph)"
The picture I took then was in the paper.
It wasn't just that someone
from my family had been rescued.
It also brought light into my own life.
I can't thank him enough.
Is... that right...?
That's why I was really
shocked by All Might's retirement.
What will happen to the superhuman society
now that it's lost its Symbol of Peace?
That's right, there's this vague unease...
But that unease is slowly
starting to seep into society.
This person's uneasy, too...
I have to work harder...
After inheriting
One For All from All Might...
Midoriya.
Yes?
There is hope.
Huh?
Next, it's your turn.
What, a picture?
But you don't have a camera.
You even printed it out?!
I thought my Quirk was only good
for taking snapshots on vacation.
A camera lens...?
I can produce them anywhere.
Freelance journalist, Taneo Tokuda.
Quirk: Whole-Body Lens.
He can produce lenses anywhere
on his body to take pictures.
He can even print them out from his chest!
With this, he can get
as many scoops as he wants!
All Might's last words
after the Kamino incident...
Next, it's your turn.
As I thought, he was saying them to you.
As I investigated,
I found a lot of similarities.
How the Quirk you manifested
was a power type.
How you tried to rescue Bakugo in
middle school when he was taken by a villain.
How All Might was the one
who saved you both back then.
How you enrolled in U.A. at the same
time All Might became a teacher here.
I went to the Pussycats' agency, too.
And I met Kota.
Kota?
There, my guess was confirmed...
That you were All Might's successor.
What do you think about my deductions?
Huh? Um... uh, that's...
You can't lie, huh?
I like that.
You're acting very much like a hero.
Everyone, it's about time for dinner.
Gather quickly, everyone!
Let's go, Ochaco.
I wonder if Deku's still training...
I wonder what they're talking about...
U-Um, I...
You don't have to worry.
I don't plan on writing an article
based on a guess with no evidence.
I'm the one at fault for coming here
under false pretenses
saying I'm writing an article
about the dorm life of U.A. students.
I'm sorry about that.
But I just had to know...
...that hope was not lost.
Mr. Tokuda...
With this, I don't have to give false
encouragement to those who are uneasy.
I can proudly report that even
if All Might retires, there is still hope.
I'm sorry I made you feel bad.
But...
Thanks.
It's no problem.
Also...
Huh?!
Wh-What was that?!
I'm going to cherish this picture
and keep it inside my body.
Until I publish my book about you...
As for its title, I think I'll call it...
"When the New Symbol of Peace Was Young."
What do you think?
I'll give my all to make that true.
Do your best, hero.
I will!
It was the end of the time he was allotted,
but Mr. Tokuda left without
even saying goodbye to the class.
After hearing how Mr. Tokuda felt,
I felt again how big
what I'd inherited really was.
But, even so, I...
Deku, it's time for dinner.
Oh, sorry. I'll be right there.
Deku, what were you talking
about with the reporter earlier?
Um, well...
I smell meat.
Huh? Oh, All Might brought
snacks for everyone earlier.
He said to eat it with everyone.
What is it?
Meat buns.
Meat buns?
If we don't bring it to
everyone soon, they'll get cold.
Yeah.
Everyone, there're meat buns!
They're from All Might!
Thank you!
"Juko News"
"The next day"
Welcome back, Tane!
How was it?
Did you figure out who
All Might's successor is?
Sorry...
Huh?
It looks like I jumped
to the wrong conclusion...
What, so it was a waste of time?
I had to do a lot of groundwork to get
permission for you to go there, you know.
I'm very sorry, Editor-in-Chief!
I'm not saying this'll make up for it,
but I came back with a different scoop.
All Might buying and eating a meat bun!
This is good! So cute!
Well done! As expected of Tane!
The heaven-sent scoop finder!
Much obliged...
I'm sorry...
...All Might.
A summer cold?
Please don't get me sick.
Yeah, I know.
Sorry.
The vague unease from All
Might's retirement...
It will eventually become reality...
...and become even greater.
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
As those of us in Class 1-A look
for places to do our work studies,
those guys are quietly wriggling
in the depths of the darkness.
The mysterious man who made contact with
the League of Villains led by Tomura Shigaraki--
What in the world is he after?
Next time, "Overhaul."
The curtain rises on the
new fight the heroes are facing...
Go beyond!
"Next time: Overhaul"
Plus Ultra!